Update gdnative-c-example.rst (#3138)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/plugins/gdnative/gdnative-c-example.rst

2) A C compiler. On Linux, install ``gcc`` or ``clang`` from your package
   manager. On macOS, you can install Xcode from the Mac App Store. On Windows,
   you can use Visual Studio 2015 or later, or MinGW-w64.
   
   ``Install these Visual Studio Components on Windows:
   - C# and Visual Basic,
   
   - IncrediBuild - OPTIONAL for speeding up compilation,
   
   - C# and Visual Basic Roslyn compilers,
   
   - MSBuild,
   

>    The names of the components are translated by a Google translator, so their names may different from the real ones.``

Reviewer: All component names are listed at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/workload-component-id-vs-community?view=vs-2019

    clang -dynamiclib simple.os -o ../bin/libsimple.dylib

On Windows:
.. note::

>     If you want to compile it using Visual Studio's Components - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to compile it using Visual Studio - 
```
